=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::AtomLinkElement - The DOM |AtomLinkElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::AtomLinkElement> class implements the DOM
C<AtomLinkElement> interface.  The class is used by the Atom C<link>
element.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::AtomElement>, the following method is available:

=over 4

=item $string = $el->href

=item $el->href ($string)

Return or set the C<href> attribute.  [ATOMDOM]

=item $string = $el->hreflang

=item $el->hreflang ($string)

Return or set the C<hreflang> attribute.  [ATOMDOM]

=item $string = $el->length

=item $el->length ($string)

Return or set the C<length> attribute.  [ATOMDOM]

=item $string = $el->rel

=item $el->rel ($string)

Return or set the C<rel> attribute.  The getter expands the link
relation type with no C<:> character by prepending
C<http://www.iana.org/assignments/relation/>.  The setter removes any
preceding C<http://www.iana.org/assignments/relation/> substring from
the new value.  [ATOMDOM]

Therefore, the C<rel> attribute value of an C<atom:link> element whose
C<rel> content attribute value is C<self> is
C<http://www.iana.org/assignments/relation/self>.  The Atom
specification defines that the C<rel> attribute values
C<http://www.iana.org/assignments/relation/self> and C<self> are
equivalent.

=item $string = $el->title

=item $el->title ($string)

Return or set the C<title> attribute.  [ATOMDOM]

=item $string = $el->thread_count

=item $el->thread_count ($string)

Return or set the C<thr:count> attribute.  [ATOMDOM]

=item $number = $el->thread_updated

=item $el->thread_updated ($number)

Return or set the date-time value of the C<thr:updated> attribute.
The date-time value is represented as C<time_t> real number
(i.e. seconds from the Unix epoch).  [ATOMDOM] [DOMPERL]

=item $string = $el->type

=item $el->type ($string)

Return or set the C<type> attribute.  [ATOMDOM]

=back

=head1 DEPENDENCY

XXX

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item ATOMDOM

Atom DOM <http://suika.suikawiki.org/www/markup/xml/atomdom>.

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%27s%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding>.


=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::AtomElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
