=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::AtomContentElement - The DOM |AtomContentElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::AtomContentElement> class implements the DOM
C<AtomContentElement> interface.  The class is used by the Atom
C<content> element.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::AtomElement>, the following method is available:

=over 4

=item $el2 = $el->container

Return the container element for the text value.  If the C<type>
attribute value is C<xhtml>, it returns the HTML C<div> element child.
Otherwise, if the element has the C<src> attribute, is return
C<undef>.  Otherwise, it returns the element itself.  [ATOMDOM]

If the C<manakai-create-child-element> configuration parameter is set
to true, the HTML C<div> element child is created by the method and
then returned when it does not exist.  Otherwise, no element is
created and C<undef> is returned.

=item $string = $el->src

=item $el->src ($string)

Return or set the C<src> attribute.  [ATOMDOM]

=item $string = $el->type

=item $el->type ($string)

Return or set the C<type> attribute.  [ATOMDOM]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item ATOMDOM

Atom DOM <http://suika.suikawiki.org/www/markup/xml/atomdom>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::AtomElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
