=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::AtomPersonConstruct - The DOM |AtomPersonConstruct| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::AtomPersonConstruct> class implements the DOM
C<AtomPersonConstruct> interface.  The class is used by several Atom
elements.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::AtomElement>, the following method is available:

=over 4

=item $string = $el->email

=item $el->email ($string)

Return or set the value of the C<atom:email> child element.  [ATOMDOM]

=item $string = $el->name

=item $el->name ($string)

Return or set the value of the C<atom:name> child element.  [ATOMDOM]

=item $el2 = $el->name_element

Return the C<atom:name> element child, if any.  [ATOMDOM]

If the C<manakai-create-child-element> configuration parameter is set
to true and there is no C<atom:name> element child, a new element is
created and returned.  Otherwise, no element is created and C<undef>
is returned.

=item $url = $el->uri

=item $el->uri ($url)

Return or set the value of the C<atom:uri> child element.  The method
returns the resoloved absolute URL if the value is a relative URL.
[ATOMDOM]

=back

There are subclasses for specific elements:
L<Web::DOM::AtomAuthorElement> and
L<Web::DOM::AtomContributorElement>.

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item ATOMDOM

Atom DOM <http://suika.suikawiki.org/www/markup/xml/atomdom>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::AtomElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
