=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::Attr - DOM |Attr| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::Attr> class implements the DOM C<Attr> interface.  An
C<Attr> object represents a content attribute of an element.

=head1 METHODS

The methods of classes L<Web::DOM::EventTarget> and L<Web::DOM::Node>
are available on a C<Attr> object, as well as following methods:

=over 4

=item $node = $node->manakai_append_text ($string)

Append a string to the C<value> of the attribute.  [MANAKAI]

=item $attr->manakai_append_indexed_string ($indexed)

Append an IndexedString
<http://wiki.suikawiki.org/n/manakai%20index%20data%20structures#anchor-1>
to the C<value> of the attribute.  [MANAKAIINDEX]

=item $code = $attr->manakai_attribute_type

=item $attr->manakai_attribute_type ($code)

Return or set the DTD attribute type for the attribute.  [MANAKAI]

=item $indexed = $attr->manakai_get_indexed_string

Return an IndexedString
<http://wiki.suikawiki.org/n/manakai%20index%20data%20structures#anchor-1>
representation of the C<value> of the attribute.  [MANAKAIINDEX]

=item $bool = $attr->is_id

Return whether the attribute is C<id> or not.  [MANAKAI]

=item $name = $attr->local_name

=item $name = $attr->manakai_local_name [DEPRECATED]

Return the local name of the attribute.  [DOM] [MANAKAI]

=item $url = $attr->namespace_uri

Return the namespace URL of the attribute.  If the attribute does not
belong to any namespace, C<undef> is returned.  [DOM]

=item $el = $attr->owner_element

Return the element to which the attribute is set.  If there is no such
an element, C<undef> is returned.  [DOM]

=item $name = $attr->name

=item $name = $attr->manakai_name [DEPRECATED]

Return the attribute name.  [DOM] [MANAKAI]

=item $prefix = $attr->prefix

=item $attr->prefix ($prefix)

If no argument is specified, return the namespace prefix of the
element, if any, or C<undef>.  [DOM]

If the argument is specified, the value is set as the namespace prefix
of the element.  If the value is C<undef>, the namespace prefix is
removed.  [DOMNODEEXODUS] [MANAKAI]

=item $bool = $attr->specified

Return true for backward compatibility.  [DOM]

=item $value = $attr->value

=item $value = $attr->text_content

=item $value = $attr->node_value

=item $attr->value ($value)

=item $attr->text_content ($value)

=item $attr->node_value ($value)

Return or set the attribute value.  [DOM]

=back

=head1 CONSTANTS

Constants are exported from the L<Web::DOM::Attr> module by default.
In addition, they are accessible as methods of C<Attr> objects.

Following declared type constants used by the
C<manakai_attribute_type> attribute are exported [DOMDTDEF]:

NO_TYPE_ATTR CDATA_ATTR ID_ATTR IDREF_ATTR IDREFS_ATTR ENTITY_ATTR
ENTITIES_ATTR NMTOKEN_ATTR NMTOKENS_ATTR NOTATION_ATTR
ENUMERATION_ATTR UNKNOWN_ATTR

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM

DOM Standard <http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/#interface-attr>.

=item DOMNODEEXODUS

DOM Standard <view-source:http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/>.

=item DOMDTDEF

DOM Document Type Definitions
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/www/markup/xml/domdtdef/domdtdef>.

=item MANAKAI

manakai DOM Extensions
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%20DOM%20Extensions>.

=item MANAKAIINDEX

manakai index data structures
<http://wiki.suikawiki.org/n/manakai%20index%20data%20structures>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Node>, L<Web::DOM::Element>, L<Web::DOM::NamedNodeMap>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012-2014 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
