=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::CSSRule - The DOM |CSSRule| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::CSSRule> class implements the DOM C<CSSRule>
interface.  The C<Web::DOM::CSSRule> class is an abstract class.  It
is used as subclasses such as C<Web::DOM::CSSStyleRule> and
C<Web::DOM::CSSMediaRule>.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $string = $rule->css_text

Return the serialized rule.  [CSSOM]

=item $rule = $rule->parent_rule

Return the parent rule, if any.  [CSSOM]

=item $rule = $rule->parent_style_sheet

Return the owner style sheet, if any.  [CSSOM]

=item $type = $rule->type

Return the type of the rule, as one of the L</"CONSTANTS"> exported by
the module.  [CSSOM]

=back

Any C<CSSRule> object is an instance of one of its subclasses.  For
example, a C<CSSRule> object whose C<type> is C<STYLE_RULE> is an
instance of L<Web::DOM::CSSStyleRule>.  There are following
subclasses:

L<Web::DOM::CSSStyleRule>,
L<Web::DOM::CSSCharsetRule>,
L<Web::DOM::CSSImportRule>,
L<Web::DOM::CSSMediaRule>,
L<Web::DOM::CSSFontFaceRule>,
L<Web::DOM::CSSPageRule>, and
L<Web::DOM::CSSNamespaceRule>.

In addition, there is C<Web::DOM::CSSUnknownRule> subclass, which
implements the obsolete C<CSSUnknownRule> interface [DOM2CSS].  The
subclass has no additional method.

=head1 CONSTANTS

Constants are exported from the L<Web::DOM::CSSRule> module by
default.  In addition, they are accessible as methods of C<CSSRule>
objects.

Following constants are defined for the C<type> attribute [CSSOM]:

STYLE_RULE CHARSET_RULE IMPORT_RULE MEDIA_RULE FONT_FACE_RULE
PAGE_RULE NAMESPACE_RULE

In addition, obsolete constant C<UNKNOWN_RULE> [DOM2CSS] is also
defined.

=head1 DEPENDENCY

See L<Web::DOM/DEPENDENCY>.

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item CSSOM

CSSOM <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/cssom/>.

The C<insertRule> method and the C<selectorText> attribute MUST use
the C<@namespace> at-rules in the parent style sheet to resolve
namespaces, if necessary.  If there is no parent style sheet, there is
no C<@namespace> at-rule applicable.

=item DOM2CSS

Document Object Model CSS
<http://www.w3.org/TR/DOM-Level-2-Style/css.html#CSS-CSSRule>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::CSSStyleSheet>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012-2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
