=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::CSSStyleSheet - The DOM |CSSStyleSheet| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::CSSStyleSheet> class implements the DOM
C<CSSStyleSheet> interface.  It represents a CSS style sheet.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $list = $ss->css_rules

Return the L<Web::DOM::CSSRuleList> object containing the CSS rules in
the style sheet.  [CSSOM]

=item $string = $ss->css_text

Return the serialized style sheet.  [MANAKAI]

=item $ss->delete_rule ($index)

Return a rule from the list of rules contained by the style sheet.
[CSSOM]

=item $boolean = $ss->disabled

=item $ss->disabled ($boolean)

Return or set the disable flag of the style sheet.  [CSSOM]

=item $string = $ss->href

Return the URL of the style sheet.  If the style sheet is embedded in
other document, return C<undef>.  [CSSOM] [HTML]

=item $index = $ss->insert_rule ($string, $index)

Parse the string as a CSS rule and insert into the specified index of
the list of rules contained by the style sheet.  [CSSOM]

=item $url = $ss->manakai_base_url

Return the base URL of the style sheet.  [MANAKAI]

=item $charset = $ss->manakai_input_encoding

Return the encoding name used to parse the style sheet.  If the style
sheet is embedded in other document, return C<utf-8>.  [MANAKAI]

=item $boolean = $ss->manakai_is_default_namespace ($url)

Return whether the specified namespace URL is the default namespace or
not.  If the namespace URL is C<undef> or the empty string, it
represents the null namespace.  [MANAKAI]

=item $prefix = $ss->manakai_lookup_namespace_prefix ($url)

Return the namespace prefix for the specified namespace URL, if
declared.  If the namespace URL is C<undef> or the empty string, it
represents the null namespace.  If no prefix is declared for the
namespace URL, C<undef> is returned.  [MANAKAI]

=item $url = $ss->manakai_lookup_namespace_uri ($prefix)

Return the namespace URL for the specified namespace prefix, if
declared.  If the prefix is C<undef> or the empty string, it
represents the default namespace (i.e. the namespace for the
prefixless type selectors).  If no namespace URL is declared for the
prefix, C<undef> is returned.  If the prefix is bound to the null
namespace, the empty string is returned.  [MANAKAI]

=item $media_list = $ss->media

Return the L<Web::DOM::MediaList> representing the list of media
queries of the style sheet.  [CSSOM]

=item $ss->media ($string)

Set the specified string as the list of media queries of the style
sheet.  [CSSOM]

=item $node = $ss->owner_node

Return the owner node of the style sheet, if any.  [CSSOM]

=item $rule = $ss->owner_rule

Return the owner CSS rule of the style sheet, if any.  [CSSOM]

=item $node = $ss->parent_style_sheet

Return the parent style sheet of the style sheet, if any.  [CSSOM]

=item $string = $ss->title

Return the title of the alternative style sheet set, if any.  [CSSOM]
[HTML]

=item $string = $ss->type

Return the MIME type of the style sheet, i.e. C<text/css>.  [CSSOM]

=back

=head1 DEPENDENCY

See L<Web::DOM/DEPENDENCY>.

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item CSSOM

CSS Object Model (CSSOM) <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/cssom/>.

The C<deleteRule> method MUST set the "parent CSS style sheet" of the
rules contained by the /old rule/ to null.

The C<insertRule> method MUST use the C<@namespace> at-rules in the
style sheet to resolve namespaces, if necessary.

=item HTML

HTML Living Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#styling>.

When a CSS style sheet is created from an HTML C<style> element, the
owner node of the style sheet MUST be set to the element.

=item MANAKAI

manakai DOM Extensions
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai++DOM%20Extensions>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::CSSRule>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
