=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::CSSStyleDeclaration - The DOM |CSSStyleDeclaration| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::CSSStyleDeclaration> class implements the DOM
C<CSSStyleDeclaration> interface.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $string = $style->get_property_priorty ($prop_name)

Return the string C<important> if the declaration for the specified
property contains the C<!important> keyword.  [CSSOM]

=item $string = $style->get_property_value ($prop_name)

Return the character string serialization of the property value with
the specified name, if any.  [CSSOM]

=item $prop_name = $style->[$index]

=item $prop_name = $style->item ($index)

Return the property name at the specified index, if any.  [CSSOM]
[DOMPERL]

Use of the C<item> method is discouraged as it doesn't support
Perl-ish ways to access items, such as negative indexing, while C<<
$style->[-1] >> works as intended.

=item $length = $style->length

=item $length = scalar @$style

Return the number of declarations.  [CSSOM] [DOMPERL]

=item $style = $style->parent_rule

Return the parent rule, if any.  [CSSOM]

=item $old_value = $style->remove_property ($prop_name)

Remove the specified property and return the old value.  [CSSOM]

=item $style->set_property ($prop_name, $value, $priority)

Set the specified property's value and priority (C<"important"> or
C<undef>).  [CSSOM]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item CSSOM

CSSOM <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/cssom/>.

The C<item> method MUST return the empty string if there is no item at
the specified index.

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%27s%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding#anchor-86>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::CSSStyleRule>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012-2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
