=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::EventTarget - DOM |EventTarget| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::EventTarget> class implements the DOM C<EventTarget>
interface.  The C<EventTarget> object does not exist by itself, it is
used as a superclass of other classes, such as L<Web::DOM::Node>.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $et->add_event_listener ($type, $code, $is_capture)

Register a callback function as event listener for the event target.
The first argument identifies the type of the event to listen,
e.g. C<click> or C<resize>.  The second argument is a code reference,
which is invoked when an event is dispatched.  The optional third
argument specifies whether the code listens the capturing phase (true)
or the bubbling phase (false, default).  [DOM] [DOMPERL]

When an event of the specified type is dispatched, the code of the
second argument is invoked with two arguments: I<$self> and I<$event>.
The second argument, I<$event>, is the event object in question.  The
first argument, I<$self>, is equal to the context object (I<$et>) or
the current target object C<< $event->current_target >>.

Please be aware to not create circular reference to the event target
object through the callback.  The reference to the callback is holded
by the event target object until it is explicitly unregistered.  The
event target object can be accessed as the first argument in the
callback, as mentioned above.

=item $boolean = $et->dispatch_event ($event)

Dispatch the specified event object at the event target object.  The
method returns whether the event's default action has not been
cancelled.  [DOM]

Note that the event is dispatched synchronously, such that any event
listener callback is invoked synchronously.

=item $et->remove_event_listener ($type, $code, $is_capture)

Unregister a callback function as event listener, if it is registered.
[DOM]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM

DOM Standard <http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/#interface-eventtarget>.

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%27s%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Event>, L<Web::DOM::Node>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013-2015 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
