=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::Event - The DOM |Event| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::Event> class implements the DOM C<Event> interface.
It represents a DOM event.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $ev = new Web::DOM::Event $type, {cancelable => $bool, bubbles => $bool}

Create and initialize a new event object.  The first required argument
identifies the event type, e.g. C<click> or C<readystatechange>.  The
second argument, which can be omitted, specifies event properties as a
hash reference.  [DOM] [DOMPERL]

Subclasses of the L<Web::DOM::Event> class do also provide the C<new>
constructor method, e.g. C<< Web::DOM::MouseEvent->new >>.

=item $boolean = $ev->bubbles

Return whether the event bubbles or not.  [DOM]

=item $boolean = $ev->cancelable

Return whether the event is cancelable or not.  [DOM]

=item $object = $ev->current_target

Return the current target object of the event.  [DOM]

=item $boolean = $ev->manakai_dispatched

Return whether the event is currently dispatched or not.  [MANAKAI]

=item $boolean = $ev->default_prevented

Return whether the default action has been prevented or not.  [DOM]

=item $const = $ev->event_phase

Return the numerical constant value representing the current stage of
the event propagation.  See the L</"CONSTANTS"> section.  [DOM]

=item $boolean = $ev->manakai_immediate_propagation_stopped

Return whether the C<stop_propagation> or
C<stop_immediate_propagation> method has been invoked or not.
[MANAKAI]

=item $boolean = $ev->is_trusted

Return whether the event is trusted, i.e. fired by the browser or not.
[DOM]

=item $ev->prevent_default

Prevent any execution of the default action of the event.  [DOM]

=item $boolean = $ev->manakai_propagation_stopped

Return whether the C<stop_propagation> method has been invoked or not.
[MANAKAI]

=item $ev->stop_immediate_propagation

Stop the propagation of the event immediately.  [DOM]

=item $ev->stop_propagation

Stop the propagation of the event.  [DOM]

=item $object = $ev->target

Return the event target object to which the event has been dispatched.
[DOM]

=item $time = $ev->timestamp

Return the timestamp (seconds from the Unix epoch) at which the event
has been created.  [DOM]

=item $string = $ev->type

Return the event type.  [DOM]

=back

In addition, it also supports C<init_event> method.  [DOM]

=head1 CONSTANTS

Constants are exported from the L<Web::DOM::Event> module by default.
Following constants are used by the C<event_phase> method [DOM]:

  NONE, CAPTURING_PHASE, AT_TARGET, BUBBLING_PHASE

=head1 SUBCLASSES

There are subclasses of the class, representing subinterfaces of the
C<Event> interface, containing: L<Web::DOM::CustomEvent> and
K<Web::DOM::UIEvent>.

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM

DOM Living Standard <http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/#interface-event>.

=item MANAKAI

manakai DOM Extensions
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai++DOM%20Extensions>.

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%27s%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::EventTarget>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
