=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLSelectElement - The DOM |HTMLSelectElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLSelectElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLSelectElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML
C<select> element.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, the following method is available:

=over 4

=item $boolean = $el->autofocus

=item $el->autofocus ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<autofocus> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->disabled

=item $el->disabled ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<disabled> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->multiple

=item $el->multiple ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<multiple> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->name

=item $el->name ($string)

Return or set the C<name> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->required

=item $el->required ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<required> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->type

Return the string C<select-multiple> or C<select-one>, depending on
whether the element has the C<multiple> attribute or not.  [HTML]

=item $integer = $el->size

=item $el->size ($integer)

Return or set the C<size> attribute.  [HTML]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-select-element>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
