=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLTextAreaElement - The DOM |HTMLTextAreaElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLTextAreaElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLTextAreaElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML
C<textarea> element.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, the following method is available:

=over 4

=item $boolean = $el->autofocus

=item $el->autofocus ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<autofocus> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $integer = $el->cols

=item $el->cols ($integer)

Return or set the C<cols> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->default_value

=item $el->default_value ($string)

Return or set the text content of the element.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->dirname

=item $el->dirname ($string)

Return or set the C<dirname> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->disabled

=item $el->disabled ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<disabled> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->inputmode

=item $el->inputmode ($string)

Return or set the C<inputmode> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $integer = $el->maxlength

=item $el->maxlength ($integer)

Return or set the C<maxlength> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->name

=item $el->name ($string)

Return or set the C<name> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->placeholder

=item $el->placeholder ($string)

Return or set the C<placeholder> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->readonly

=item $el->readonly ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<readonly> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->required

=item $el->required ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<required> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $integer = $el->rows

=item $el->rows ($integer)

Return or set the C<rows> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->wrap

=item $el->wrap ($string)

Return or set the C<wrap> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->type

Return the string C<textarea>.  [HTML]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-textarea-element>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
