=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLButtonElement - The DOM |HTMLButtonElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLButtonElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLButtonElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML
C<button> element.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, the following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $boolean = $el->autofocus

=item $el->autofocus ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<autofocus> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->disabled

=item $el->disabled ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<disabled> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->formaction

=item $el->formaction ($string)

Return or set the C<formaction> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->formenctype

=item $el->formenctype ($string)

Return or set the C<formenctype> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->formmethod

=item $el->formmethod ($string)

Return or set the C<formmethod> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->formnovalidate

=item $el->formnovalidate ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<formnovalidate> attribute is specified or
not.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->formtarget

=item $el->formtarget ($string)

Return or set the C<formtarget> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $el2 = $el->menu

=item $el->menu ($el2)

Return or set the element pointed by the C<menu> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->name

=item $el->name ($string)

Return or set the C<name> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->type

=item $el->type ($string)

Return or set the C<type> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->value

=item $el->value ($string)

Return or set the C<value> attribute.  [HTML]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-button-element>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
