=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLMediaElement - The DOM |HTMLMediaElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLMediaElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLMediaElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML C<video>
and C<audio> elements.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, the following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $boolean = $el->autoplay

=item $el->autoplay ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<autoplay> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->controls

=item $el->controls ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<controls> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->crossorigin

=item $el->crossorigin ($string)

Return or set the C<crossorigin> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->default_muted

=item $el->default_muted ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<muted> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->loop

=item $el->loop ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<loop> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->src

=item $el->src ($string)

Return or set the C<src> attribute.  [HTML]

=back

The C<video> element also implements the L<Web::DOM::HTMLVideoElement>
interface.  The C<audio> element also implements the
L<Web::DOM::HTMLAudioElement> interface.

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#media-elements>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, L<Web::DOM::HTMLVideoElement>, and
L<Web::DOM::HTMLAudioElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
