=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLFrameElement - The DOM |HTMLFrameElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLFrameElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLFrameElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML C<frame>
element.

The interface, as well as the C<frame> element, is obsolete.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, the following method is available:

=over 4

=item $string = $el->frameborder [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->frameborder ($string) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set the C<frameborder> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->marginheight [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->marginheight ($string) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set the C<marginheight> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->marginwidth [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->marginwidth ($string) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set the C<marginwidth> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->name [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->name ($string) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set the C<name> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->noresize [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->noresize ($boolean) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set whether the C<noresize> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->scrolling [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->scrolling ($string) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set the C<scrolling> attribute.  [HTML]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-frames-element>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
