=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLLinkElement - DOM |HTMLLinkElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLLinkElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLLinkElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML C<link>
element.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods for classes L<Web::DOM::EventTarget>,
L<Web::DOM::Node>, L<Web::DOM::ParentNode>, L<Web::DOM::Element>, and
L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, the following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $string = $el->as

=item $el->as ($string)

Get or set the C<as> attribute value.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->crossorigin

=item $el->crossorigin ($string)

Get or set the C<crossorigin> attribute value.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->href

=item $el->href ($string)

Get or set the C<href> attribute value.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->hreflang

=item $el->hreflang ($string)

Get or set the C<hreflang> attribute value.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->integrity

=item $el->integrity ($string)

Get or set the C<integrity> attribute value.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->media

=item $el->media ($string)

Get or set the C<media> attribute value.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->nonce

=item $el->nonce ($string)

Get or set the C<nonce> attribute value.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->rel

=item $el->rel ($string)

=item $el->rel_list ($string)

Get or set the C<rel> attribute value.  [HTML]

=item $tokens = $el->rel_list

Return the L<Web::DOM::TokenList> object for the C<rel> attribute.
[HTML]

=item $el->sizes ($string)

Set the C<sizes> attribute value.  [HTML]

=item $tokens = $el->sizes

Return the L<Web::DOM::TokenList> object for the C<sizes> attribute.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->type

=item $el->type ($string)

Get or set the C<type> attribute value.  [HTML]

=back

Additionally, the following obsolete methods are available:
C<charset>, C<rev>, and C<target>.  [HTML]

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard <https://html.spec.whatwg.org/>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013-2017 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
