=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLFormElement - The DOM |HTMLFormElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLFormElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLFormElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML C<form>
element.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, the following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $string = $el->accept_charset

=item $el->accept_charset ($string)

Return or set the C<accept-charset> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->action

=item $el->action ($string)

Return or set the C<action> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->autocomplete

=item $el->autocomplete ($string)

Return or set the C<autocomplete> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->enctype

=item $el->enctype ($string)

Return or set the C<enctype> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->encode

=item $el->encode ($string)

Return or set the C<enctype> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->method

=item $el->method ($string)

Return or set the C<method> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->name

=item $el->name ($string)

Return or set the C<name> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->novalidate

=item $el->novalidate ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<novalidate> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->target

=item $el->target ($string)

Return or set the C<target> attribute.  [HTML]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-form-element>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
