=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLAppletElement - The DOM |HTMLAppletElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLAppletElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLAppletElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML
C<applet> element.

The interface, as well as the C<applet> element, is obsolete.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, the following method is available:

=over 4

=item $string = $el->align [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->align ($string) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set the C<align> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->alt [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->alt ($string) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set the C<alt> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->archive [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->archive ($string) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set the C<archive> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->height [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->height ($string) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set the C<height> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $integer = $el->hspace [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->hspace ($integer) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set the C<hspace> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->name [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->name ($string) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set the C<name> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $integer = $el->vspace [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->vspace ($integer) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set the C<vspace> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->width [OBSOLETE]

=item $el->width ($string) [OBSOLETE]

Return or set the C<width> attribute.  [HTML]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-applet-element>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
