=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLMenuItemElement - The DOM |HTMLMenuItemElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLMenuItemElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLMenuItemElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML
C<menuitem> element.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, the following method is available:

=over 4

=item $boolean = $el->checked

=item $el->checked ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<checked> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->default

=item $el->default ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<default> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->disabled

=item $el->disabled ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<disabled> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->label

=item $el->label ($string)

Return or set the C<label> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->radiogroup

=item $el->radiogroup ($string)

Return or set the C<radiogroup> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->type

=item $el->type ($string)

Return or set the C<type> attribute.  [HTML]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-keygen-element>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
