=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLStyleElement - DOM |HTMLStyleElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLStyleElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLStyleElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML C<style>
element.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, the following method is available:

=over 4

=item $boolean = $el->disabled

=item $el->disabled ($boolean)

Return or set the disabled flag of the CSS style sheet of the element.
[HTML] [CSSOM]

=item $string = $el->media

=item $el->media ($string)

Return or set the C<media> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->nonce

=item $el->nonce ($string)

Return or set the C<nonce> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $sheet = $el->sheet

Return the L<Web::DOM::CSSStyleSheet> object representing the CSS
style sheet created from the C<style> element, if available.  [CSSOM]
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->type

=item $el->type ($string)

Return or set the C<type> attribute.  [HTML]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-style-element>.

=item CSSOM

CSSOM <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/cssom/>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, L<Web::DOM::CSSStyleSheet>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013-2016 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
