=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLElement - The DOM |HTMLElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLElement> class implements the DOM C<HTMLElement>
interface.  The class is used by any element in the HTML namespace.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for the L<Web::DOM::Element>
class, following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $string = $el->accesskey

=item $el->accesskey ($string)

Return or set the C<accesskey> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->contenteditable

=item $el->contenteditable ($string)

Return or set the C<contenteditable> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $el2 = $el->contextmenu

=item $el->contextmenu ($el2)

Return or set the element pointed by the C<contextmenu> attribute.
[HTML]

=item $map = $el->dataset

Return the L<Web::DOM::StringMap> object represeting the C<data-*>
attributes.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->dir

=item $el->dir ($string)

Return or set the C<dir> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->draggable

=item $el->draggable ($boolean)

Return or set whether the element is draggable or not.  [HTML]

=item $tokens = $el->dropzone

=item $el->dropzone ($string)

Return the L<Web::DOM::SettableTokenList> object for the C<dropzone>
attribute, or set the C<dropzone> attribute to the specified string
value.  [HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->hidden

=item $el->hidden ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<hidden> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

For example:

  $el = $doc->create_element ('span')
  ok not $el->hidden; # <span>
  $el->hidden (1);
  ok $el->hidden; # <span hidden>

=item $boolean = $el->inert

=item $el->inert ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<inert> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->itemid

=item $el->itemid ($string)

Return or set the C<itemid> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $tokens = $el->itemprop

=item $el->itemprop ($string)

Return the L<Web::DOM::SettableTokenList> object for the C<itemprop>
attribute, or set the C<itemprop> attribute to the specified string
value.  [HTML]

=item $tokens = $el->itemref

=item $el->itemref ($string)

Return the L<Web::DOM::SettableTokenList> object for the C<itemref>
attribute, or set the C<itemref> attribute to the specified string
value.  [HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->itemscope

=item $el->itemscope ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<itemscope> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $tokens = $el->itemtype

=item $el->itemtype ($string)

Return the L<Web::DOM::SettableTokenList> object for the C<itemtype>
attribute, or set the C<itemtype> attribute to the specified string
value.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->lang

=item $el->lang ($string)

Return or set the C<lang> attribute.  [HTML]

For example:

  $el->lang ('ja');
  is $el->lang, 'ja';
  is $el->get_attribute ('lang'), 'ja';

=item $style = $el->style

Return the L<Web::DOM::CSSStyleDeclaration> object for the C<style>
attribute.  [CSSOM]

=item $el->style ($string)

Set the C<style> attribute.  [CSSOM]

=item $string = $el->title

=item $el->title ($string)

Return or set the C<title> attribute.  [HTML]

=back

Most HTML elements have their own subclasses.  For example, any HTML
C<p> element uses the L<Web::DOM::HTMLParagraphElement> class, while
any HTML C<input> element uses the L<Web::DOM::HTMLInputElement>
class.  There are following subclasses:

L<Web::DOM::HTMLUnknownElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLHtmlElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLHeadElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLTitleElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLBaseElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLLinkElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLMetaElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLStyleElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLScriptElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLBodyElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLHeadingElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLParagraphElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLHRElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLPreElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLQuoteElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLOListElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLUListElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLLIElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLDListElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLDivElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLAnchorElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLDataElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLTimeElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLSpanElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLBRElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLModElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLImageElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLIFrameElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLEmbedElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLObjectElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLParamElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLMediaElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLVideoElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLAudioElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLSourceElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLTrackElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLCanvasElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLMapElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLAreaElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLTableElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLTableCaptionElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLTableColElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLTableSectionElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLTableRowElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLTableCellElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLTableDataCellElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLTableHeaderCellElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLFormElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLFieldSetElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLLegendElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLLabelElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLInputElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLButtonElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLSelectElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLDataListElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLOptGroupElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLOptionElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLTextAreaElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLKeygenElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLOutputElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLProgressElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLMeterElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLDetailsElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLMenuElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLMenuItemElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLDialogElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLAppletElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLMarqueeElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLFrameSetElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLFrameElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLDirectoryElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLFontElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTMLTemplateElement>.

The L<Web::DOM::HTMLBaseFontElement> class is no longer available, as
it is now dropped from the HTML Standard.

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#htmlelement>.

=item CSSOM

CSSOM <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/cssom/#elementcssinlinestyle>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Element>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013-2014 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
