=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLTrackElement - The DOM |HTMLTrackElement| track

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLTrackElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLTrackElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML
C<track> element.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, the following method is available:

=over 4

=item $boolean = $el->default

=item $el->default ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<default> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->kind

=item $el->kind ($string)

Return or set the C<kind> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->label

=item $el->label ($string)

Return or set the C<label> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->srclang

=item $el->srclang ($string)

Return or set the C<srclang> attribute.  [HTML]

=back

=head1 CONSTANTS

Constants are exported from the L<Web::DOM::HTMLTrackElement> module
by default.  In addition, they are accessible as methods of
C<HTMLTrackElement> objects.

Following declared type constants used by the C<ready_state> attribute
are exported [HTML]: C<NONE>, C<LOADING>, C<LOADED>, and C<ERROR>.

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-track-element>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
