=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLScriptElement - DOM |HTMLScriptElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLScriptElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLScriptElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML
C<script> element.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $string = $el->charset

=item $el->charset ($string)

Return or set the C<charset> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $boolean = $el->defer

=item $el->defer ($boolean)

Return or set whether the C<defer> attribute is specified or not.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->crossorigin

=item $el->crossorigin ($string)

Return or set the C<crossorigin> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->nonce

=item $el->nonce ($string)

Return or set the C<nonce> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->src

=item $el->src ($string)

Return or set the C<src> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->text

=item $el->text ($string)

Return or set the text content of the element.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->type

=item $el->type ($string)

Return or set the C<type> attribute.  [HTML]

=back

Additionally, the following obsolete methods are available: C<event>
and C<html_for>.  [HTML]

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-script-element>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013-2015 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
