=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLAreaElement - The DOM |HTMLAreaElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLAreaElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLAreaElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML C<area>
element.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $string = $el->alt

=item $el->alt ($string)

Return or set the C<alt> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->coords

=item $el->coords ($string)

Return or set the C<coords> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->download

=item $el->download ($string)

Return or set the C<download> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->href

=item $el->href ($string)

Return or set the C<href> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $tokens = $el->ping

=item $el->ping ($string)

Return the L<Web::DOM::TokenList> object for the C<ping> attribute, or
set the C<ping> attribute to the specified string value.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->rel

=item $el->rel ($string)

=item $el->rel_list ($string)

Return or set the C<rel> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $tokens = $el->rel_list

Return the L<Web::DOM::TokenList> object for the C<rel> attribute.
[HTML]

=item $string = $el->shape

=item $el->shape ($string)

Return or set the C<shape> attribute.  [HTML]

=back

The obsolete C<nohref> method is also available.  [HTML]

Methods C<hreflang> and C<type> are removed as they are removed from
the HTML Standard and are not seemed to be used at all.

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<https://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-a-element>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, L<Web::DOM::HTMLAnchorElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013-2016 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
