=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::HTMLTableCellElement - DOM |HTMLTableCellElement| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::HTMLTableCellElement> class implements the DOM
C<HTMLTableCellElement> interface.  The class is used by the HTML
C<td> and C<th> elements.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods available for classes L<Web::DOM::Element>
and L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, the following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $string = $el->abbr

=item $el->abbr ($string)

Return or set the C<abbr> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $index = $el->cell_index

Return the index of the cell in the list of the cells anchored in the
table row.  [HTML]

Please note that the cell index might not be equal to the column index
in the table to which the cell belongs when there are C<colspan>ed
cells.

=item $integer = $el->colspan

=item $el->colspan ($integer)

Return or set the C<colspan> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $tokens = $el->headers

=item $el->headers ($string)

Return the L<Web::DOM::TokenList> object for the C<headers> attribute,
or set the C<headers> attribute to the specified string value.  [HTML]

=item $integer = $el->rowspan

=item $el->rowspan ($integer)

Return or set the C<rowspan> attribute.  [HTML]

=item $string = $el->scope

=item $el->scope ($string)

Return or set the C<scope> attribute.  [HTML]

=back

Additionally, the following obsolete methods are available: C<align>,
C<axis>, C<bgcolor>, C<ch>, C<ch_off>, C<height>, C<nowrap>,
C<valign>, and C<width>.  [HTML]

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<https://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#attributes-common-to-td-and-th-elements>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>, L<Web::DOM::HTMLTableDataCellElement>,
L<Web::DOM::HTML::TableHeaderCellElement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013-2016 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
