=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::KeyboardEvent - The DOM |KeyboardEvent| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::KeyboardEvent> class implements the DOM C<KeyboardEvent>
interface.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods of the L<Web::DOM::Event> and
L<Web::DOM::UIEvent> classes, following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $boolean = $ev->alt_key

=item $boolean = $ev->alt_graph_key

=item $boolean = $ev->ctrl_key

=item $boolean = $ev->meta_key

=item $boolean = $ev->shift_key

=item $boolean = $ev->get_modifier_state ($key_name)

Return whether the modifier key is pressed or not.  [DOM3EVENTS]
[MANAKAI]

=item $string = $ev->char

=item $int = $ev->char_code

=item $string = $ev->code

=item $string = $ev->key

=item $int = $ev->key_code

=item $int = $ev->which

Return the value representing the key or the input string in several
different ways.  [DOM3EVENTS] [UIEVENTS]

=item $string = $ev->locale

Return the keyboard locale.  [DOM3EVENTS]

=item $int = $ev->location

Return the location of the key.  [DOM3EVENTS]

=item $boolean = $ev->repeat

Return whether the key has been pressed or not.  [DOM3EVENTS]

=back

In addition, deprecated C<init_keyboard_event> method is supported.
[DOM3EVENTS]

The C<new> method of the L<Web::DOM::RelatedEvent> class accepts the
C<char>, C<key>, C<code>, C<location>, C<ctrl_key>, C<shift_key>,
C<alt_key>, C<meta_key>, C<repeat>, C<locale>, C<char_code>,
C<key_code>, and C<which> name/value pairs in its second arguments, in
addition to the name/value pairs for L<Web::DOM::Event> and
L<Web::DOM::UIEvent> objects in general.  [DOM3EVENTS] [UIEVENTS]

=head1 CONSTANTS

Constants are exported from the L<Web::DOM::KeyboardEvent> module by
default.  Following constants are used by the C<location> method
[DOM3EVENTS]:

  DOM_KEY_LOCATION_STANDARD DOM_KEY_LOCATION_LEFT
  DOM_KEY_LOCATION_RIGHT DOM_KEY_LOCATION_NUMPAD
  DOM_KEY_LOCATION_MOBILE DOM_KEY_LOCATION_JOYSTICK

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM3EVENTS

DOM Level 3 Events
<http://dev.w3.org/2006/webapi/DOM-Level-3-Events/html/DOM3-Events.html#events-uievents>.

=item UIEVENTS

UI Events
<https://dvcs.w3.org/hg/d4e/raw-file/tip/source_respec.htm#constructor-uievent>.

=item MANAKAI

manakai DOM Extensions
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai++DOM%20Extensions>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Event>, L<Web::DOM::UIEvent>,
L<Web::DOM::CompositionEvent>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
