=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::MediaList - The DOM |MediaList| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::MediaList> class implements the DOM C<MediaList>
interface.  It represents a list of media queries.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $media_list->append_medium ($string)

Append a media query to the list.  [CSSOM]

=item $media_list->delete_medium ($string)

Delete a media query from the list.  [CSSOM]

=item $string = $media_list->[$index]

=item $string = $media_list->item ($index)

Return the media query in the list, specified by its index.  [CSSOM]
[DOMPERL]

Use of the C<item> method is discouraged as it doesn't support
Perl-ish ways to access items, such as negative indexing, while C<<
$media_list->[-1] >> works as intended.

=item $number = @$media_list

=item $number = $media_list->length

Return the number of the media queries in the list.  [CSSOM] [DOMPERL]

=item $string = $media_list->media_text

=item $string = '' . $media_list

=item $media_list->media_text ($string)

Return or set the list of media queries as a character string.
[CSSOM] [DOMPERL]

=item $arrayref = $media_list->to_a

Return the new static array reference containing the media queries in
the list.  [DOMPERL]

=item ($rule1, $rule2, ...) = $media_list->to_list

=item ($rule1, $rule2, ...) = @$media_list

Return the list of the media queries contained in the list.  [DOMPERL]

=back

The object supports Perl standard read-only operations for array
references, e.g. C<< exists $media_list->[4] >>.  [DOMPERL]

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item CSSOM

CSSOM <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/cssom/#medialist>.

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%27s%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding#anchor-86>.

=back

=head1 DEPENDENCY

See L<Web::DOM/DEPENDENCY>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012-2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
