=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::MouseEvent - The DOM |MouseEvent| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::MouseEvent> class implements the DOM C<MouseEvent>
interface.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods of the L<Web::DOM::Event> and
L<Web::DOM::UIEvent> classes, following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $boolean = $ev->alt_key

=item $boolean = $ev->alt_graph_key

=item $boolean = $ev->ctrl_key

=item $boolean = $ev->meta_key

=item $boolean = $ev->shift_key

=item $boolean = $ev->get_modifier_state ($key_name)

Return whether the modifier key is pressed or not.  [DOM3EVENTS]
[MANAKAI]

=item $status = $ev->button

Return the mouse button which has changed the status.  [DOM3EVENTS]

=item $status = $ev->buttons

Return the current status of the mouse buttons.  [DOM3EVENTS]

=item $int = $ev->client_x

=item $int = $ev->client_y

=item $int = $ev->x

=item $int = $ev->y

Return the coordinate of the position in the viewport.  [CSSOMVIEW]

=item $int = $ev->offset_x

=item $int = $ev->offset_y

Return the coordinate of the position in the padding box of the
target.  [CSSOMVIEW]

=item $int = $ev->page_x

=item $int = $ev->page_y

Return the coordinate of the position in the initial containing block.
[CSSOMVIEW]

=item $string = $ev->region

Return the hit region.  [HTML]

=item $object = $ev->related_target

Return the additional object specified for the event.  [DOM3EVENTS]

=item $int = $ev->screen_x

=item $int = $ev->screen_y

Return the coordinate of the position in the screen.  [CSSOMVIEW]

=back

In addition, deprecated C<init_mouse_event> method is supported.
[DOM3EVENTS]

The C<new> method of the L<Web::DOM::RelatedEvent> class accepts the
C<screen_x>, C<screen_y>, C<client_x>, C<client_y>, C<ctrl_key>,
C<shift_key>, C<alt_key>, C<meta_key>, C<button>, C<buttons>,
C<related_target>, and C<region> name/value pairs in its second
arguments, in addition to the name/value pairs for L<Web::DOM::Event>
and L<Web::DOM::UIEvent> objects.  [UIEVENTS] [HTML]

=head1 SUBCLASSES

There is a subclass of the class, representing the subinterface of the
C<Event> interface: L<Web::DOM::WheelEvent>.

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM3EVENTS

DOM Level 3 Events
<http://dev.w3.org/2006/webapi/DOM-Level-3-Events/html/DOM3-Events.html#events-uievents>.

=item UIEVENTS

UI Events
<https://dvcs.w3.org/hg/d4e/raw-file/tip/source_respec.htm#constructor-uievent>.

=item CSSOMVIEW

CSSOM View
<http://dev.w3.org/csswg/cssom-view/#extensions-to-the-mouseevent-interface>.

=item HTML

HTML Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#dom-mouseevent-region>.

=item MANAKAI

manakai DOM Extensions
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai++DOM%20Extensions>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Event>, L<Web::DOM::UIEvent>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
