=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::TokenList - DOM |DOMTokenList| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::TokenList> class implements the DOM C<DOMTokenList>
interface.

The C<DOMTokenList> object is used by, e.g., the C<class_list> method
of the elements, the C<rel_list> method of the HTML hyperlink
elements, and HTML C<sandbox>, C<dropzone>, and C<headers> attributes.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item push @$tokens, $token1, $token2, ...

=item $tokens->add ($token1, $token2, ...)

Append specified tokens to the list.  [DOM] [DOMPERL]

=item $boolean = $tokens->contains ($token)

Return whether the list contains the specified token or not.  [DOM]

=item $string = $tokens->[$index]

=item $string = $tokens->item ($index)

Return the token in the list, specified by its index.  [DOM] [DOMPERL]

Use of the C<item> method is discouraged as it doesn't support
Perl-ish ways to access items, such as negative indexing, while C<<
$node_list->[-1] >> works as intended.

=item $number = @$tokens

=item $number = $tokens->length

Return the number of the tokens in the list.  [DOM] [DOMPERL]

=item $tokens->remove ($token1, $token2, ...)

Remove the specified tokens from the list.  [DOM]

=item $boolean = $tokens->replace ($token, $new_token)

Replace the token, if any, by a new token and return whether any token
is replaced or not.  [DOM]

=item $bool = $tokens->toggle ($token)

=item $bool = $tokens->toggle ($token, $bool)

Change whether the token appears in the list or not.  If the second
argument is specified, the status is set to match that value.
Otherwise, the status is changed to not equal to the current status.
The method returns the new status.  [DOM]

=item $string = '' . $tokens

=item $string = $tokens->value

Return the serialized representation of the tokens, joined by the
space character.  [DOM] [DOMPERL]

=item $tokens->value ($string)

Replace the tokens in the list by the tokens specified as the
space-separeted list.  [DOM]

=back

The object supports Perl standard operations for array references,
e.g. C<< pop @$tokens >>.  [DOMPERL]

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM

DOM Standard <https://dom.spec.whatwg.org/>.

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<https://wiki.suikawiki.org/n/manakai's%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Element>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013-2018 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
