=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::TreeWalker - The DOM |TreeWalker| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::TreeWalker> class implements the DOM C<TreeWalker>
interface.

The C<TreeWalker> object can be created by the C<create_tree_walker>
method of the L<Web::DOM::Document> object.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $node = $tw->current_node

Return the current node of the tree walker.  [DOM]

=item $code = $tw->filter

Return the node filter code.  [DOM]

=item $node = $tw->first_child

Move to the first child node.  [DOM]

=item $node = $tw->last_child

Move to the last child node.  [DOM]

=item $node = $tw->next_node

Move to the next node in document order.  [DOM]

=item $node = $tw->next_sibling

Move to the next sibling node.  [DOM]

=item $node = $tw->parent_node

Move to the parent node.  [DOM]

=item $node = $tw->previous_node

Move to the previous node in document order.  [DOM]

=item $node = $tw->previous_sibling

Move to the previous sibling node.  [DOM]

=item $node = $tw->root

Return the root node of the tree walker.  [DOM]

=item $int = $tw->what_to_show

Return the bit vector representing the node type filter.  [DOM]

=back

In addition, it also supports the obsolete C<expand_entity_references>
method [DOM2TRAVERSAL].

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM

DOM Living Standard
<http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/#interface-treewalker>.

=item DOM2TRAVERSAL

DOM Level2 Traversal
<http://www.w3.org/TR/DOM-Level-2-Traversal-Range/traversal.html>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::NodeFilter>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
