=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::XPathNSResolver - The DOM |XPathNSResolver| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::XPathNSResolver> class implements the DOM
C<XPathNSResolver> interface.

In the DOM Perl Binding, an C<XPathNSResolver> object can be
represented as either a Perl subroutine (code) reference or an object
returned by the C<create_ns_resolver> method of the C<Document>
object.  The L<Web::DOM::XPathNSResolver> class is used for the
latter.  In other word, the class is used to wrap an L<Web::DOM::Node>
object by the C<XPathNSResolver> interface.

If you'd like to define a custom namespace prefix resolver, you should
use a simple subroutine as an C<XPathNSResolver>.  The subroutine will
be invoked by the XPath parser when a namespace resolution is
performed, with two arguments: I<$self> (the code reference itself)
and I<$prefix> (the namespace prefix to resolve).  The subroutine is
expected to return the corresponding namespace URL, as a character
string, or C<undef> if the prefix is not has corresponding namespace
URL.

=head1 METHOD

The following method is available:

=over 5

=item $url = $resolver->lookup_namespace_uri ($prefix)

Return the namespace URL associated with the specified namespace
prefix.  [DOMXPATH]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOMXPATH

Document Object Model XPath
<http://www.w3.org/TR/DOM-Level-3-XPath/xpath.html#XPathNSResolver>.

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%27s%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::XPathEvaluator>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012-2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
