=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::XPathExpression - The DOM |XPathExpression| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::XPathExpression> class implements the DOM
C<XPathExpression> interface.  It represents a compiled XPath 1.0
expression.

=head1 METHOD

The following method is available:

=over 4

=item $result = $expr->evaluate ($node, $result_type, $result)

Evaluate the XPath 1.0 expression.  The first argument is the context
node (L<Web::DOM::Node> object) used to evaluate the expression.  The
other arguments are optional.  The second argument is the namespace
prefix resolver, specified as either a code reference or the
L<Web::DOM::XPathResolver> object.  The third argument is ignored.
The method returns the L<Web::DOM::XPathResult> object containing the
evaluation result.  [DOMXPATH] [DOMPERL]

See also L<Web::DOM/DEPENDENCY>.

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOMXPATH

Document Object Model XPath
<http://www.w3.org/TR/DOM-Level-3-XPath/xpath.html#XPathExpression>.

DOM XPath <http://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/DOM_XPath>.

Improving DOM Traversal and DOM XPath
<http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webapps/2011AprJun/0310.html>.

743888 - Replace SVGException and XPathException with DOMException
<https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=743888#c1>.

L<Web::DOM::XPathEvaluation/"SPECIFICATIONS">.

The IDL definition MUST be modified as follows:

  interface XPathExpression {
    XPathResult evaluate((Node or Attr) contextNode,
                         optional unsigned short type = 0,
                         optional object? result = null);
  };

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%27s%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::XPathEvaluator>, L<Web::DOM::XPathResult>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
