=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::XPathResult - The DOM |XPathResult| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::XPathResult> class implements the DOM C<XPathResult>
interface.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $boolean = $result->boolean_value

Return the result boolean value.  [DOMXPATH]

=item $boolean = $result->invalid_iterator_state

Return whether the result iterator is invalid or not.  [DOMXPATH]

=item $node = $result->iterate_next

Return the next L<Web::DOM::Node> of the result iterator, if any, or
C<undef>.  [DOMXPATH]

=item $number = $result->number_value

Return the result number value.  [DOMXPATH]

=item $type = $result->result_type

Return the result type, i.e. one of constants listed in the
L</CONSTANTS>.  [DOMXPATH]

=item $node = $result->single_node_value

Return the result node value, if any, or C<undef>.  [DOMXPATH]

=item $node = $result->snapshot_item ($index)

Return the node at the specified index in the result snapshot, if any,
or C<undef>.  [DOMXPATH]

=item $number = $result->snapshot_length

Return the number of nodes in the result snapshot.  [DOMXPATH]

=item $string = $result->string_value

Return the result string value.  [DOMXPATH]

=back

=head1 CONSTANTS

Following result type constants are exported from the
L<Web::DOM::XPathResult> module by default.  In addition, they are
accessible as methods of C<XPathResult> objects.

  ANY_TYPE NUMBER_TYPE STRING_TYPE BOOLEAN_TYPE
  UNORDERED_NODE_ITERATOR_TYPE ORDERED_NODE_ITERATOR_TYPE
  UNORDERED_NODE_SNAPSHOT_TYPE ORDERED_NODE_SNAPSHOT_TYPE
  ANY_UNORDERED_NODE_TYPE FIRST_ORDERED_NODE_TYPE

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOMXPATH

Document Object Model XPath
<http://www.w3.org/TR/DOM-Level-3-XPath/xpath.html#XPathResult>.

DOM XPath <http://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/DOM_XPath>.

743888 - Replace SVGException and XPathException with DOMException
<https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=743888#c1>.

The IDL definition MUST be modified as follows:

  partial interface XPathResult {
    readonly attribute (Node or Attr)? singleNodeValue;
  };

Instead of the C<TYPE_ERR> exception, the C<TypeError> MUST be thrown.

If the C<resultType> attribute is C<ORDERED_NODE_ITERATOR_TYPE> or
C<UNORDERED_NODE_ITERATOR_TYPE>, any mutation of the nodes whose node
document is the document of the context node of the evaluation that
results in the C<XPathResult> object MUST set the
C<invalidIteratorState> attribute to C<true>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::XPathEvaluator>, L<Web::DOM::XPathExpression>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
